What causes obesity?
What is the best treatment for obesity?
Does obesity increase the risk of cancer?
How is obesity diagnosed?

what are the symptoms of multiple myeloma?

What exactly is an ectopic pregnancy?
what are the early signs of ectopic pregnancy?

Do nursing homes provide 24-hour care?
Do nursing homes provide medical care?

Should I shave off a corn or callus?

What happens during bypass surgery?
what is bypass surgery and what causes it?
Can I have another blocked artery after bypass surgery?

what is tinea and ist symptoms?

what is rh factor?
what causes rh incompatibility?
Can Rh incompatibility affect my baby?

How does health insurance work?

Why does it hurt when I swallow?
How is a swallowing disorder treated?

who is most likely to get facial paralysis?
How long does it take to recover from bell's palsy?

How do I know if I have high blood pressure?
Is high blood pressure dangerous?
How can I lower my blood pressure?
How do doctors check for high blood pressure?

How are pituitary tumors treated?
What is a pituitary tumor?

Is marijuana is dangerous for health?
Can marijuana treat diseases?

What are the early treatments for meningitis?

Why is my wrist swollen?
Will I need an X-ray for my swollen wrist?
Treatments for wrist pain?

What is tetanus?

what causes facial pain?

what is anemia?
what causes anemia?

what is HIV?
what is opportunistic infection (OIs)?
what are the different causes of OIs?
can OIs be prevented?

What is hemophilia?
What causes hemophilia?
How is hemophilia treated?
Why is there blood in my urine?

What is tonsillitis?
What causes tonsillitis?
What are the symptoms of tonsillitis?

what is cervical cancer?

How do I clean my dentures?
What are dentures?

what cause paralysis?

what is valley fever and how to treat it?
Who is most likely to get Valley fever?

What is a carbohydrate metabolism disorder?
Can metabolic disorders be inherited?

What if I want to get pregnant and my partner has HIV?
If I have HIV, how can I prevent giving it to my baby?

What is a cataract and it's cause?
Why is my vision blurry?
How are cataracts treated?
When do I need eye surgery?

Why is my skin red and itchy?

What can cause pain or problems in my abdomen?

Can a head injury affect my memory?
what are the symptoms of TBI?
How is a brain injury treated?

Can you get cancer while pregnant?

Why am I having trouble walking?
Is there a cure for Friedreich ataxia?

what is Hantavirus and its symptoms?

What is menopause and what are its symptoms?

Why am I having trouble breathing?
can breathing smoke damage my lungs?
How are inhalation injuries treated?

How does climate change affect health?

what is HPV and how it can be diagnosed?

What is Addison disease?

What causes walking problems?
What can help me walk better?

Why is my blood pressure suddenly very low?
Is shock life-threatening?

what causes long term stress and how i can overcome it?

what are common mouth problems and how i can prevent them?

what are the different medicines that can lower blood pressure and how they work?

what is PKU?

How can I have a healthy pregnancy?

What are blood thinners and it's types?
Are there any side effect of blood thinners?
How can blood clots affect my health?

How can I get help while living at home?

What causes a barking cough in children?

how does vitamin E helps and what are the common sources to get it?

What is pheochromocytoma?

What foods are high in potassium?

what is down syndrome and it's cause?
Why are some babies born with genetic conditions?

What precautions should someone follow before giving medicines to children?

what is calcium and how much exactly i need daily?